What class and year are you?
I'm a first year, in Class 1. My name is Ninako Kinoshita.
I didn't fall for him, hoping anything would come out of this.
I just want him to know how happy I am to be in love.
Ren, I like you.
I'm sorry. I already have a girlfriend.
Is this your girlfriend?
Ren only looks blunt and cold. He's really kind at heart.
You can't expect anything from Ren
so long as he has a girlfriend.
You don't understand the limits there are
in your relationship with him.
When you have a crush like mine, it'll become obvious.
Then choose me.
I'll prove to you some things won't ever change.
I know there's already someone else in your heart.
I love you, even when you're rejecting me.
Doesn't it bother you that I keep crushing on Ninako?
Let's figure out what works, together.
He's distancing himself to extinguish his feelings for her.
No person is without worry though.
- I love you.
- You're an idiot.
Long time no see, Takumi.
It would only hurt to continue pining for Ren.
But I want to stay in love with him.
There's another reason to like him just a bit more.
[First day as Second Years]
Ninako! (Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
- Morning!
- Morning.
Looks like we're all in the same class again.
- Yup.
- Lucky for you three.
Why am I the only one not in Class 4?
At least you're right next door.
But I wanted to be with you, Sayuri.
Sorry, could I slip past you?
Sure. My bad.
I swear someone's trying to tear us apart.
You're imagining things. And that's not happening, okay?
I see Ren's in our class, too.
He is!
I feel like I'm dreaming.
I'm in the same class as my crush.
I won't have to rely on coincidences to see him anymore.
I'll get to see him everyday, in this very classroom.
Stare at him like that, and he'll realize you still like him.
Thanks for the warning.
Ninako, you're working today, right?
Let's head over together after school.
Sure.
You're in a good mood.
Why wouldn't I be? We're in the same class,
and I'm getting alone time with you now.
[Mao Sugimoto]
Seriously?
I enrolled here because of you.
No you didn't.
What's with that face?
You really think I'll fall for that again?
Screw off.
Come on, Ninako.
Right.
[Episode 1]
Want to work at the cafe again?
I can put in a word for you with Kyo.
It's fine.
Still bummed out over your girlfriend?
- If you have any regrets, go back to her.
- I don't.
I'm not exactly "bummed out" either.
It's just...
Just, what? Don't force down your feelings anymore.
I'm a bit disappointed in myself.
When I realized I had someone else on my mind,
I assumed I should make an effort to forget. And yet...
Ren, I know there's already someone else in your heart.
Don't force yourself to forget and move on.
I still don't understand the difference
between "making an effort" and "forcing myself".
Were your efforts in forgetting her a success?
Trying to forget despite your efforts is called forcing yourself.
Okay, I understand you're disappointed in yourself.
But aren't you wasting time worrying about it
any more than you need to?
I mean, you're in the same class as her now.
Let Ren figure this out at his own pace, alright?
Besides, this ultimately hinges on Kinoshita's feelings as well.
Fair point.
Sorry about my attitude earlier. Did I scare you?
No.
Who was that girl?
My ex-girlfriend from middle school.
The one who used me to get closer to her real crush.
Didn't think I'd lose my cool like that, though. How lame.
You must have really cherished her.
You got worked up, because you cared.
I don't think that's lame.
The guy my ex liked... I actually clicked with him quite a bit.
I thought of him as my best friend.
But one day, I saw them together.
They were sharing a kiss.
My girlfriend's the one who initiated it.
So it really wasn't my friend's fault.
Still... I don't know.
He just seriously pissed me off, for some reason.
I ended up distancing myself from him.
I let go of both of them.
Well, that dude and I aren't necessarily on bad terms though.
We're just never going back to being best buds, I suppose.
What a difficult situation.
Don't look so distressed. I'll hug you.
Wow, do I really warrant such a reaction?
Ouch.
There's no benefit in hanging around me anymore.
Why not make your move with confidence instead?
I told you, I'm not falling for that again.
Too bad.
Long time no see, Ichinose.
I look forward to seeing you around campus.
She apparently came chasing you.
Watch your back, yeah?
Hey look, it's Ninako.
- Busted?
- Yeah.
Aw man...
Don't tell me you still think Ninako has a thing for you.
I'm not that full of myself.
Then let me ask you this. Do you want her to like you again?
And if so, are you gonna do anything to make it happen?
Does the possibility of Ninako liking another guy not bother you?
So what if she likes another guy?
You're only thinking of yourself.
Yeah? Well, if I sway her affections in my favor,
then that's no longer an issue, right?
- Ren got the ball.
- What?
He did it again.
[Spring, 2 Years Ago]
- Seriously?
- Yikes.
He thinks he can get away with anything, with that face of his.
Nice to meet you, new classmate.
I hear you steal people's girlfriends or something?
Let them say what they want.
And don't talk to me, you'll get roped into it.
Yeah? Well, too bad, 'cause I talk to whoever I want.
It's Mao.
GIve me a second.
Come on, we'll be late.
Why don't you go out with anyone, Ren?
Because I already have a girlfriend.
What? Since when?
Since... just the other day, I think.
Who?
She's not from our school.
Then what middle school does she go to?
- She's a high schooler.
- Say what?
Ando.
Yeah?
You're always hanging out with Ichinose, right?
Do you know if he has a girlfriend?
He does.
I see.
Sorry to bother you.
I like you.
Here. A present to commemorate our one month anniversary.
Thanks!
Mao. Do you like me?
You're asking me again?
Of course I like you.
- Mao.
- Yeah?
Do you like me?
Of course I like you.
Well, I hate you.
He did it again.
- Seriously?
- Yikes.
I guess that's Ichinose for you.
- What a disaster.
- It's straight terrifying, man.
It's not your fault I broke up with Mao, okay?
Ando...
We're still best buds, you hear me?
We won't let a little girl trouble ruin our friendship.
Can't believe I'm waking up to a guy.
My bad.
Just get back to class already.
Class ended hours ago. I didn't feel like heading back either.
What, you feel bad for me?
I don't need your pity.
We're not even best friends or anything.
Not anymore.
Why do you always shut up and let things pass? It pisses me off.
We've been through this already.
When Mao kissed you.
Why didn't you ever say anything about it?
You could have at least tried to make an excuse.
What was I supposed to say?
What did you want me to say?
In any case, you still would've...
Whatever.
Stupid Ando.
Takes one to know one, Stupid!
Did Ando wake up?
Yes.
You doing alright?
"You should speak up when you're not feeling well."
Remember?
How're you feeling?
I hate feeling like this.
Just let me disappear.
Ren.
Kinoshita.
How was Ando?
He was just feeling a bit dizzy.
He should be fine after a bit of rest.
That's good to hear.
Say...
Yeah?
Can't friends be friends, even if the feeling's not mutual?
Sorry, weird question.
Did you get into an argument with a friend?
I always knew our relationship had gotten rocky.
So I just assumed I wasn't allowed to call him a friend anymore.
Sorry, it's a bit complicated.
But I feel better now after talking it out.
Thanks for lending me an ear.
Sure.
Ren only tells well-meaning white lies.
I couldn't give him any advice.
I promise I feel better, really.
See you around.
Excuse me.
I believe you were with Takumi yesterday?
I was, yes.
Are you Takumi's girlfriend?
No.
Then...
Do you have a crush on Ichinose?
What?
Ren and I are only friends.
We'll be splitting up into groups for the school trip.
I regret breaking up with you, Uehara.
Sincerity is guaranteed to be a straight shot to the heart.
I'm confessing to Kinoshita after Sports Day.
- What?
- Just admiring you, Futaba.
I know I won't be able to hold these feelings back forever.
Even though I'm right at his side,
I'm the closest, yet furthest I've been from him.
[Epilogue]
Excuse me, have you seen Takumi?
He was headed your way.
Maybe you two missed each other?
Seems like it.
Just wait, he'll come sprinting back for you.